One of my favorite exercises it was
boomerang effect.
>> Oh yeah, that practice I saw a massive
massive thing. I did that practice on a
Saturday in Australia and I manifested
tens of thousands of dollars in like 48
hours.
Fore
burn.
>> [laughter]
>> The secret.
The power, the magic, hero, the greatest
secret.
Countdown to riches.
practice. Day one wish list.
That's pretty insane, right? So, I
strongly recommend getting this book.
So
[laughter]
round.
Let's welcome Ronda Burn. I just want to
scream right now. I cannot believe
Rhonda is right in front of me. Welcome
Rhonda to the show.
>> Thank you so much. It's lovely to see
you.
>> Your work has inspired me and people in
Asia for the longest time. It just
>> it makes me so happy to hear that. I
can't tell you that's what all of the
work that I do is for exactly that
result.
>> Well, again, thank you so much for being
on the show today. It's truly an honor.
I just want to show you how crazy I went
for all of your books, all of your
products, all of So, Countdown to
Riches, I actually have the English
versions. As soon as you published the
book, I bought it from your website and
shipped it.
>> Oh, that's great. I love that book. I
really do.
>> So good. I have to thank you for this.
So, as soon as I finished writing my
wish list, the very next day, I
manifested two things right away.
>> Oh my gosh, you're good. That's great.
It's so powerful writing things down.
You know, this is the thing about life.
Life is so so simple and yet our mind
wants to say it's hard and it's not.
It's very, very simple. Thank you. And
you know what's even more crazier? So, I
was doing the exercises throughout the
weeks, right? And I actually ended up
winning three receipt lotteryies. That
was like 900 Taiwanese dollars, which
was really hard for me.
>> Wow, that's amazing. Just like when you
see things like that, you just realize
the power that you have, you know, and
actually the effortless power. Like,
it's actually effortless, isn't it?
That's the thing. It's not struggle and
trying really hard because if we're
struggling and trying really hard that's
a problem. We're not believing and you
know on the wrong kind of frequency for
manifesting what we want. But
>> just it should be really effortless.
Like that is one thing that I have
realized over the years that manifesting
is way way easier than I thought it was
in the very beginning. Yeah, it's
easier. What do you think is the
difference between now? Cuz since the
secret, you have released it over for
like 20 years now.
>> Yes. 20th anniversary this year. Oh my
gosh. I can't believe [laughter] it. I
can't believe that. Well, for a start,
that book, every word is perfect in that
book. I feel the same way about that
book now, 20 years later, as I did when
I wrote it. That book was just a gift
given to me and a gift that I was able
to share. And I had a lot of intentions.
Number one, my intention was that every
word would be perfect and every word
would be the truth. That's why I can
honestly say 20 years later, that book
is perfect. Like I truly for life on our
planet, I don't believe there's anything
else that can compare with that book as
a guide for the way to live your life. I
mean, it really is amazing. And it has
all of those incredible teachers in it
who contribute to it. And I mean it's
not just me saying it because what it's
millions and millions, tens of millions
of people. So it's very special. But I
definitely feel 20 years later that it's
way easier to manifest. I thought it was
easy back then, but now I'm like it's so
easy. Yeah.
>> What's the difference between then and
now then? because I understand the mind
a lot more. I understand our reality a
lot more than I understood it then. And
I understood the natural law that
governs our mind really, really well
back then. But now I understand who we
are. I understand what we're doing here.
I understand the nature of reality. I
understand the mind, the subconscious
mind. I understand all of those things.
And understanding all of those things
makes it so much easier. For example, I
used to think way back that when I was
manifesting and I was visualizing and
I'd be closing my eyes and visualizing,
I kind of had this thing in my head that
I needed to create this physical thing.
And that was a big deal right from your
mind to create this physical thing. But
it's not that at all. All you have to do
is just have a picture in your mind.
It's just like a photograph. Just like
an image. That's all you have to do. And
just bask in that image. That's it. I
mean, just like take a photo in your
mind and hold that. I mean, back then I
said the law's like a giant photocopying
machine or it's like a mirror that
whatever you think will be reflected in
the world. And so, you don't need to try
really hard or anything like that. you
don't need to struggle because those
things that's kind of negative, you
know, on a lower frequency and you have
to believe you have it. It's just the
biggest thing of all and it's the one
thing that trips most people up is you
have to believe you have it now. Now.
And the reason you have to believe you
have it now is because time is an
illusion. And even though we think, oh
no, there's weeks and days and minutes
and and months and years and everything,
no, it's actually all an illusion. And I
mean, Einstein told us that the most
important thing is the only moment is
now. And if any of us think about
anything in our life, like if we think
about some fantastic time when we were
so happy or we got to travel or we got
to do this or that or we succeeded in
some way, we did it in the moment of
now. Like we can't do anything outside
of now. And that's why like all the laws
operate now. Gravity operates now.
Doesn't operate in the past. Doesn't
operate in the future. Gravity is now.
And so this is a natural law and it's
operating now. And because it's like a
mirror and it's reflecting back what
we're thinking, then we have to have
what we want with us now. So it reflects
it back. I mean, it's really not hard.
I know. I just want to thank you again
because the secret that documentary
saved my life. I know you've probably
heard it a million times, but but at the
time I was actually going through
depression and your documentary was
better than a doctor, any doctor.
>> Wow. Wow.
>> So, thank you.
>> Makes me so happy to hear that. That
affected a lot of people in that way.
Just that moment where you know it is
the truth and you realize what you need
to do from now on. And sometimes it can
be tricky. Sure, for everybody, you
know, if they're going through really
difficult time or something's happened
to someone in their family, it can be
challenging. However, what I have found
most definitely is that if you really
watch your mind and you really take
charge of your mind, which is just a
program, like it's just like a computer,
and you program it the way that you want
so that it's always kind of looking for
the good and it's always grateful and
it's always appreciative and all of
those things. Then you will sail through
life. Even when there are some difficult
things that occur, you will be able to
handle those in a much better way. Those
things won't pull you down to the
ground. You know, you might have some
days where you're sad, but there's like
this underneath the sadness, there's
this like sense of freedom and peace
that is still there even if you're
feeling a little sad on top, you know?
And I mean, I can say that most
definitely cuz my dogs that I had, they
were like 15 and 16 and
>> and when I didn't have them anymore, it
was hard because they were like a big
chunk of my life and they were pre the
secret. So they traveled the whole
journey of the secret with me and
they're with you every day, you know,
and so that was hard. But just the same,
there was a sadness of missing them, but
underneath the sadness was still a peace
and happiness that never ever left.
That's why I'm so such a big advocate of
taking every opportunity to just feel as
good as you can. And if some days you
don't feel good, that's fine. But just
to think of the best things that you can
to be kind to your body for a start
because all of those beautiful and it's
hard to find another word but all those
beautiful positive thoughts is just
lifegiving energy into your cells and
your organs and your body. So what
matters is what we are predominantly
most of the time. Not the little dips
here and there. That really doesn't
matter. And everybody has those because
you know this can be challenging. It can
be challenging. I don't find it so
anymore. Um
>> you used to then.
>> Yeah. Before the secret.
>> Oh my gosh. Absolutely. Like when I
discovered the secret, I thought I knew
this is a very very friendly universe
because the fact that I was still alive
and breathing after the [laughter] way
that I had lived my life for decades. Oh
my gosh. I mean, I've said this before,
but I used to think that being a good
person, you're a good person if you
pointed out all the bad things. You
know, that made you a good person. No,
you know, it doesn't. It doesn't. You
point out the bad things, you don't feel
good. That's your clue. You know, you
just don't feel good. You know, our true
nature is joy and happiness. And that's
what I'm advocating for us to be as
close to our true nature as we can. And
you know what? If we go through a
lifetime of not being anywhere near
there, well, that's fine, too. You know,
I remember when um years ago when I had
to do a like a red carpet walk for Time
magazine and all the reporters behind
the cameras would ask me, "What do you
say to the naysayers?" And I wasn't
aware of any naysayers, I have to say,
in my kind of reality. And I'd say,
"Good for them." You know, I am not here
to convince anybody else of anything. I
discovered something and I want to share
it with only those people who are
interested. I'm not out to try and
change people or do anything like that.
And so that's the important thing, you
know, is to
>> be accepting of people as they are. And
for some people, they're just wanting to
live their life in their way. I'm just
saying I found something that is
absolutely incredible. And it wasn't
just me who found it. It's all going all
the way back to the emerald tablet all
through history. So, we have a choice.
>> We do.
>> We have a choice and we've been given
this gorgeous, gorgeous gift to create
the life and mold our life the way that
we want.
>> Yeah. I wanted to go back to what you
were just talking about, speaking of the
now, the power of now, cuz in your new
book, Countdown to Riches, if you
haven't gotten it, please go get it. Um,
universal law does not respond to what
is happening in your life or current
circumstances. It only responds to the
thoughts you're thinking now. However,
for a lot of people, they would think
that, well, that's really stressful.
Does that mean that I have to stay
positive all the time? What if something
bad happens? Then I feel all those like
scared and angry and sad emotions. Since
it's kind of impossible to stay positive
24/7, how do you suggest we handle all
those negative thoughts and emotions?
And do you think that we need to worry
about one single negative thoughts
immediately attract something bad?
>> No, I don't think so at all. It takes
some, you know, perpetual thinking, some
constant kind of negative thinking to
manifest something. [gasps] You know,
life is the way that it is. If you're
feeling sad, if you're feeling angry,
any of those emotions,
you know very well the effect they're
having on you because if you know if you
feel angry or if you feel sad, you feel
exhausted. Any of those negative
emotions, if you are feeling them for a
sustained period of time, you will feel
absolutely exhausted. And that's your
body telling you that this is not what
it wants because the energy is reduced
through your body. However, one of the
difficulties with negative emotions,
it's not really the emotions at all.
It's our resistance to the emotions.
>> It's the fact that when we're feeling
angry, we're resisting the anger. We're
resisting the sadness. We're like inside
we're like I don't want to feel this way
and we're sort of pushing against those
negative emotions and what that does it
makes them stronger stronger stronger
stronger that's where we kind of get
trapped. So, it is fine for sadness to
descend upon you or if you're feeling a
bit angry or just feeling a bit blur, a
bit kind of down, it's absolutely fine
to just allow
those feelings to be there just as they
are. And when you do that, they just
evaporate
because the only way they can stay is by
us resisting them. The minute we stop
doing that, they just disappear. M cuz
you actually mentioned that in your new
book. You emphasize the importance of
feeling our emotions rather than
suppressing them which I just love that
you talked about it because so many
people would come up to me and be like
so does that mean that I can't feel my
negative emotions then?
>> What about thoughts then? Cuz I would
have a lot of people thinking that
including myself from time to time
thinking that well I don't think I'm
good enough. you to to think they're not
good enough. The people are thinking
they're not good enough
>> all the time.
>> Especially in Asia, we're like testing
machine because we grew up in like a
very horrible testing system where we
have to get our grades all the time and
our parents would be like, "You're not
good enough. That's not good enough. You
have to get a A++ or a at least an A to
be good enough to be smart enough." Wow.
>> So that is like a very common belief.
>> I would like everybody to know that they
have
a a a a plus plus plus plus plus right
now just because they're breathing just
because they're taking a breath.
If people only realized how magnificent
they really are, how incredible they
really are, how brave and courageous
they are to be here. I mean, it's just
so rough, I think, for anybody to feel
diminished when they are the absolute
reason the universe is here. You know,
it's just like I really really want
people to and it's one thing for me to
say that, but to discover that for
yourself. We could do it this way. We
could think of the people that didn't
get all the A's and who went on in their
life to do incredible things, right? So
many
>> and achieve amazing things. The world is
full of those people. Absolutely full of
them. The world is full of people who
chose a particular career that their
parents didn't want them to choose, you
know, like acting or the arts or
something like that. And they ended up
by being an incredible success in the
world and uplifting so many people with
their art, whether it was singing,
whether it was, you know, in an
orchestra, whether it was a conductor.
And so we know from that those judgments
are therefore not correct.
>> Mhm.
>> If those judgments were correct, you
need to get all these A's, you need to
do this, you need to do that. If they
were correct, it would apply to
everybody in the world. And it doesn't.
The world is full of exceptions. So it's
actually not the truth at all. And I get
it that that's what parents have been
conditioned by their parents, right? And
it's this constant chain. But then you
get to a generation such as your
generation where you don't perpetuate
that anymore. You don't perpetuate it
with your children, you know, and it
stops. And I just think the generations
that we have now can do that because
they're questioning
>> everything. But in terms of every single
person deserves everything, absolutely
everything and uh everything that they
want and to have an incredible life full
of joy and full of doing all the things
that they want to do. I mean, I can't
find all of the words to say how you
were just deserving. You were so
deserving. Like, [gasps]
how otherwise? How would you be here?
If you weren't deserving, how could you
be here? That would be impossible.
>> That would be absolutely impossible. The
fact that you're here means that you are
so deserving of everything. And the fact
that you're here, I mean, you're always
here. Body's not always here, but we're
always here. Like, there's no end.
>> There's absolutely no end to anyone
>> on the planet. there's no end to their
consciousness. Most definitely the body
finishes,
>> has its time, it's born and it ends. But
the our true nature, which is what we
are, is eternal. And so if that's the
case, oh my gosh, if that's the case, if
you're eternal, that means you're the
entire power of life, your life itself.
I mean, you just could not be more
deserving,
>> right? People in Asia in general always
think that we have to win something or
we have to be the social status or the
followers or the numbers. That's always
playing the number games, right? And
thinking that I need to do more to prove
that I deserve more.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. That's hard because that's never
accepting yourself as you are. And
>> what I'm saying is just as you are, you
are perfect.
>> You are in the exact right place that
you're meant to be in and you are
perfect just as you are. Just as you
are. Oh yes, you might want to do this
or that or but it's so important to
understand you are perfection itself
right where you are. Mhm.
>> Yeah.
>> I love that.
>> Hopefully some who are open to that hear
those words and begin to bask in
who they are. I feel like my life has
really transformed once I started
ingraining that belief into my mind
thinking that hey my existence is
enough. I don't really need to push that
hard, try that hard to have abundance in
my life.
>> No, that's true. And the abundance just
comes from the joy that we are when
we're doing things that we really love
to do. The abundance comes I mean, look
at nature. Nature is so abundant.
Abundance is everywhere. It's just our
mind that can stop it. Like it's a
natural natural thing. this abundance
pouring down on everyone. But if we
think we have to work hard and we have
to struggle, not that I have a problem
with working my work, I love it. But if
we think that's the only way to get
abundance, that we have to do it that
way, that is just not the truth.
>> Yeah. [gasps] No,
>> it just isn't. Like if if people could
just be happy, not judge so much, you
know, because judgment our world is very
judgmental
at the moment with social media, right?
>> And being judging everything, judging
people and judging absolutely everything
is a negative response to life.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it's like I don't see it as
our job. It's not my job to go judging
things. It's my job to appreciate and to
be grateful and all of those things and
just to love life and make the most of
the moment of now. When you can come
back to this moment of now and you can
just be in that moment. Ah, it's just
bliss. It's so wonderful. And then when
you're in that moment, everything just
goes beautifully.
>> Yes.
>> So
>> I love that.
>> Yeah. Because the mind can torture us,
you know.
>> Yes.
>> Thoughts of like we're not good enough.
And that's just a thought. It's not the
truth.
>> It's just a thought. Oh, I'm not good
enough. But it it isn't true.
>> And so and the mind can throw up all of
these thoughts. And if we identify with
negative thoughts and we believe those
thoughts, that's what sends us down
right
>> to sadness and depression and all of
those things is identifying with
negative thoughts.
>> None of those negative thoughts are
true. Not one.
>> No. I love that you mentioned two key
words here. is that identify when you
identify with that thought and believe
in that thoughts.
>> That's it.
>> It's not just thinking about it. Is that
if you identify and believe in it, it's
going to give that power. It will
because whatever you believe will be
your life experience. And so when you
identify and believe those thoughts,
that will what be what your life appears
to become. It does still doesn't make it
true
>> but you will have that experience.
That's why like we can create being
disempowered
>> you know here we are we are the one and
only power in the entire universe.
That's what we are the one and only.
There's nothing that is more powerful
than we are. And yet we are able to this
incredible power. We're able to create
an experience of feeling powerless.
>> Crazy. That's how powerful we are. We
can make ourselves seem powerless. We're
that powerful. And we can be so powerful
that we can make it appear like we're
not manifesting. The big thing is we're
manifesting every second of our life.
We're champion manifesttors. That's what
we're doing non-stop. I mean, there are
things that we want to deliberately
manifest,
>> like deliberately create for our life,
which is great, but understand, you
know, we are so powerful at manifesting
everything
>> cuz like people would ask me, can I only
manifest on new moon? Can I only
manifest on full moon? And I was like,
no, you're actually manifesting 24/7.
That's right. The law doesn't stop ever.
>> It doesn't stop. It's like the only
thing I can liken it to is like gravity
or the law of physics that keeps planes
in the air. And and those laws never
stop. They're just always operating all
the time. And so this is the same with
the law that governs our mind. And you
know, it's an interesting time because
we've been told this throughout the
centuries over and over and over again
in all kinds of in poetry, in
scriptures, in spiritual teachings, in
etchings, on stone walls, on in
pictures, in stained glass windows in
churches. I mean, we've been told are
constantly told over and over again. We
have to hear it and understand this is
what we are. Everybody's different.
Everybody's had different amount of
conditioning in their life leading up to
the time when they understand this
wisdom. And so, everybody has a mind
that honestly is pretty well identical
no matter what culture you're in. Our
minds are pretty well identical in terms
of the thoughts. So, we're all in the
same situation. So, if some people can
reprogram their mind, it means everybody
can.
>> Yes. If it's possible for me, it's
possible for you, too.
>> Absolutely. So that makes me wonder cuz
a lot of people would ask me if our
reality is a reflection of our thoughts
and energy then why did I attract a
cheating partner or why is my
relationship with my parents so
difficult? How would you respond to
that? Well, I don't actually perceive
any in life to be negative and I see
everything as a gift and I use my own
life as an example. There have been
times in my life way before The Secret
where something incredibly challenging
happened to me. Maybe in a relationship
or in business or in my job. But if I
look at every one of those times when
something really kind of alters your
life, I describe it like this did like a
right-hand turn. My life was going like
this and then suddenly this event
happened and made my life go this way.
But the thing is on this path incredible
things like for example I got fired from
a job a job where I was working for a
television network in Australia. I
hadn't done anything wrong, but somebody
that I worked with had taken some days
off and I knew about it and so she got
fired and I got fired too. And all my
life I was like good girl, you know,
like wanting to be good and so this was
devastating to me. I mean, oh my gosh,
in my career, I just got promoted and
promoted, you know, and so this was
absolutely I was flattened and I had my
daughters in private school and my
husband was working, but we did not have
enough money to survive without my
salary in television, which was a, you
know, reasonable salary, but television
was really, really tough. And so what
was for a couple of days I was really
really in a bad way and then I just
pulled myself up and I started my own
company on garden plastic chair and
table with my friend who got fired and
that is the company that I owned when I
discovered the secret. So when I
discovered The Secret, I had a way to
share it with the world because I had a
production company and so I could make
the film.
>> But you see, if I had not been fired,
that could never have happened.
So, I look back on all of those things
in my life and I can see that some of
the toughest times were a gift as well
and that I was being moved into a
different direction. And I know it
requires trust and faith
>> that everything is always moving towards
something better. And I believe that
with all my heart. I truly do. I also
know that no one dies. So even if you
add death to the equation that we're
talking about, I know no one dies. It
isn't possible. There's nothing dead in
the universe. There's nothing. There's
not a corral in the corner of the
universe where everything dead goes like
everything is alive and we are so alive
and we are always alive. Not the body
for sure.
>> Yeah. So, I do believe in every plot
twist being a gift.
>> Yeah,
>> I came back to Taiwan because of co and
at the time I would think to myself
that, oh my god, this is horrible. I've
built my life in America for the longest
time for like eight years and I wanted
to be an actor and my comedy career was
taking off a little bit and then I had
to fly back because of co
>> right
>> looking back now I don't think if I
hadn't come back to Taiwan I probably
wouldn't have met you I probably
wouldn't have gone down to the
manifestation path
>> so and look at how successful you are
doing what you're
Thank you.
>> And look how many people you're
reaching. You are in exactly the place
that you're meant to be in right now.
And that is the case for absolutely
everybody. Even if they feel, "Oh, I'm
not getting anywhere or nothing's
happening." You are in the exact perfect
place that you are meant to be in. And
have trust and faith because life will
unfold. it will just take you along
toward joy and happiness. And I just
think to be positive and to look for the
good
>> and you know to throw judgment out the
window that's a big thing I think at the
moment we could talk about negative
thoughts and things but if there was one
thing that would change people's lives
instantly dramatically
>> would be if if they let judgment go. It
would be
>> an incredible
incredible change because we judge the
smallest smallest thing. [laughter]
>> I know it's ridiculous that we think
that judgments make our life so much
better. My producer is like nodding.
Yeah. No judgment.
>> No judgment. I mean, just let it go. Do
your best not to judge. you're going to
slip up here and there, but if you have
it in your mind not to judge, um, oh
wow. And plus, you already discover
really quickly how fast it works because
you start to feel happy.
>> You start to feel happy, happy, happy.
And that's the other thing I want to say
about thinking positively.
>> I mean, completely selfishly, thinking
positively makes you happy. When you're
happy, everything goes your way.
Everything manifests. I mean, it's just
a roll on effect, you know? And so, and
then when you see people and you're
happy, you uplift them, they feel
better. And like we're thinking anyway,
so, you know, why not deliberately start
to think some things like look for the
good and what do I love? Oh, I love that
and I love this. and you know do a
rampage in the morning of all the things
you love or wake up in the morning like
Julie every single morning I wake up and
my footsteps are thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you to the
bathroom to the shower and then as I
come down the stairs I am with every
footstep I'm thank you thank you thank
you thank you yeah every day
>> guys that's an exercise for you to do
>> right daily Now it's so easy because
what's really great is when you wake up
the mind is very still you know it
hasn't really kind of woken up and so
you start the day like that you know
thank you thank you thank you and what
am I thanking I'm just thanking
everything
just everything
>> I'm just thanking for being here I'm
just thanking for my life I'm thanking
for the world thanking for everybody in
it I used to Thank for things in
particular. Now I'm just Thank you.
Yeah.
>> Wow. I was just watching your interview
with Louis. It was so good. You talked
about if you take things for granted,
>> things will be taken away from you.
>> They will. Sadly, they will.
>> It's not a punishment thing. Gratitude
makes things stick to you. This example
was given to me once and I thought it
was absolutely incredible. The reason
that we lose those things is we stop
focusing on them and our focus is what
holds everything and gratitude holds
everything. But if you see a house and
people lived in that house and the house
was lovely and the gardens were lovely
and then they left that house and nobody
else moved into it
>> and it just became an abandoned house,
>> that house deteriorates so fast.
>> The garden deteriorates. the house
starts to collapse because it doesn't
have any focus anymore holding that
house together,
>> right?
>> Yeah. And that's what our focus does.
Our focus and gratitude, positive focus
keeps things in our life. But this has
been known for thousands of years, you
know, cuz what I was talking about was
in the um holy scriptures and yeah, that
is crystal clear. That's the law in a
couple of sentences,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> A question that I've been dying to ask
is I recently just had a friend that
came up to me and ask me this really fun
question. I don't know if you've heard
of it. She said that she seems to be
much better at reverse manifesting than
positive manifesting. [gasps]
And whenever she says there's no way
that's going to happen to me, it somehow
almost always end up happening. Why?
Yeah, that's because she's focused on
it.
>> See, it's her focus. No way that is
going to happen to me. That thing that
I'm focused on is not going to happen to
me. But it's her focus that's
manifesting it. That's why you can't
say, "I don't want to get sick. I don't
want to be late. I don't want to be
upset." You're focused on sickness.
You're focused on late. Focused on
upset. You manifest all of them. All of
us.
>> Yes. Right? And so when she says that,
she's actually not reversing. She's
actually creating. She's creating the
very thing that she's focused on. You
can't say no, no way or anything like
that because there's no no in the
universe. There's no negative. There's
only focus. So the minute you focus on a
subject, it's the burn is starting. You
know, it's like the sun over with the
magnifying glass over a piece of paper.
If you imagine that, right? So, when
you're focusing, you're like holding
that magnifying glass over the paper and
the burn will start and your
manifestation.
When you are focused, that is what it's
like.
>> Particles and everything now are all
moving.
>> Makes so much sense. But somehow I think
she well struggles to manifest when she
says things positively.
She would say that well I'm gonna get
it. I'm for sure going to get it and
then she will not get it. Okay? Because
she's saying I'm going to get it the
future.
>> So she's still manifesting it. She's
still I'm going to get it in the future.
And so law of attraction goes she's
going to get it. She's going to get it.
But she's not having it now. She's going
to get it. She's going to get it. she's
going to get it and that will just go on
forever.
>> You can't talk about the future.
>> You have to have it now,
>> right?
>> And that's the biggest trip for
everybody. I know it's really tricky.
It's really tricky. It's like what the
words from the holy scriptures, which I
don't have in front of me, but it's like
believe you have received and you will
receive. Yes.
>> Believe you have received and you will
receive. You have to believe you have it
already. So it's a little bit like this.
>> So when you place an order, do you have
Amazon there? You have Amazon?
>> We don't, but we have something similar.
Shopppee.
>> Something similar. So what's the what's
it called?
>> Shopppee.
>> Okay. So at Shopppee, when you order
something online and you place an order,
then you know you're going to get that
order, right? You're just like you order
it, you forget about it.
>> You just, you know, it's like you've got
it already
>> and the order just comes. Well, that's
just exactly how you do it, you know, is
to know that you have it already. Like
you've ordered it. Okay, that's it. And
it's kind of when you do that, you also
letting go.
>> Like you're letting go. You sort of um
I've ordered it and I'll have it. And so
to see yourself with that thing. And
believe it or not, when we order
something like on Shopee, when we order
it, we might not even be aware. We are
imagining us with that thing.
>> We are imagining ourselves with it.
That's why we're buying it, right? We're
imagining. Yeah. And so when we're
buying it, it's really just law of
attraction, but we have this belief that
we have to pay for things.
>> But you know, not everybody does have to
pay for things. Like I know of people
who've manifested that they had on their
list that they wanted to travel the
world and they wanted to go to all of
these amazing places. They had zero
money, zero possibility, zero potential
of doing any of those things. And then
they got a job that sent them all around
the world. All around the world. All
around the world.
>> Yeah,
>> that's amazing.
>> And so things like that can just come in
different ways. But you have to believe
you have it already. So the reason that
she's not is because she's saying it's
something in the future. It's something
in the future. I will get it.
>> Yeah. M
>> and what she has to do is I have it
>> and she just close her eyes and take a
photograph of herself with it. Create an
image in her mind of having that thing
whatever that thing is. If it's a job or
a person or a Yeah. imagine having it. I
think she did that visualization as
well, but she said that it was so much
easier for her to think that I'm not
going to get it. If she does think about
like having it now in her mind, she will
somehow not have whatever she was
imagining.
>> The thing is, you can't break the law.
It's immutable. So, it's always if we
think it's not working, it's always the
user. It's always us. It's not the law,
you know, it's like gravity. It works
all the time. It just works. So, there's
something about the way that she's doing
it, but she's talking to you and she's
talking about these things. So, she's
manifesting her days. She's manifesting
her life. She's manifesting all of those
things, but then the thing that she
deliberately wants to manifest, she's
not quite nailing.
>> Yeah,
>> she will. She needs to do a big list,
you know, like
>> Yes, that's what she needs to do because
if she has a big wish list and then she
has big things on it, small things on
it, then the small things will start to
manifest cuz the small things she
doesn't care so much about. So, she
doesn't have so much resistance, right?
Like if she had an apple on there, you
know, she's not going to be, "Oh, I just
want that. When will that apple come? Oh
my gosh, when will it come?" Right?
She's just like she has a whole lot of
smaller things on it plus all the big
things on it. Then she'll see them
manifest one after the other and then
she'll begin to believe in her own power
because that's all it is. It's
believing. And she may have a belief I
don't deserve it because I didn't really
work hard enough for that and
>> all of those kinds of things, you know,
but that's just a thought. That is not
true.
>> Everybody deserves whatever they want.
They deserve to have a great life.
Really?
>> Yes. When you talked about when is it
going to happen, a lot of people would
ask me, is it very important to set a
time frame or is it better to not think
about the time frame?
>> Well, it depends on the person. If you
have to have something by a particular
date, it could cause some resistance,
right?
>> That's what I thought.
>> Mhm.
>> Which is like, I don't have it yet. The
resistance, all the resistance is doing
is saying, I don't have it. And law of
attraction says you don't have it. You
don't have it. You don't have it. So,
it's going to do exactly it's going to
reflect back exactly where you are. I
mean, I I know of some people who've
done things to a time frame, but I think
it's easier not to myself.
>> Same. Yeah.
>> Same.
>> It's It's easier to focus on the goods
if I don't have that deadline to reach.
>> Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. And I love that
you talked about in your book how we
have to work with the believability. I
know that you always encourage people to
be bold when we're writing down our wish
list,
>> but we also have to work with that. Can
you tell us a little bit more about
that?
>> So, if you're doing a list, I'm writing
on the list and you're thinking, "Oh,
there's no way I'm going to get that.
There's no way I'm going to get that."
And you know, the universe is saying,
"Okay, okay, no problem."
So you do need to believe and that's why
it's a good idea to start with some
smaller things but I would say put
everything on the list honestly
everything and but starting with some
smaller things and especially if you
start with some smaller things that are
very unique that only you would know
that you created it like I remember this
person I love this story this person he
decided to create something unique after
watching the documentary entry. And so
he imagined this particular feather and
he imagined it in his mind with blue and
all these colors on this feather and he
had to go to New York for work. There he
was in New York and about to walk into
this huge huge tall building and he
looked down and there was the feather,
the exact feather. not like a real
[laughter]
but exactly the colors and everything.
And so he knew without any doubt he
manifested that. And then there are
others that will be like they want to
manifest a note of money but that it has
written in the corner like a green heart
or something and there it is. So if you
choose something you know that's
incredibly unique and something that you
will have no resistance about that like
you don't have any resistance you just
let it go about the feather you let it
go about the note I mean
>> then you will begin to see the
incredible power that you have and then
your believability goes from zero to 10.
M the power of letting go.
>> Yeah.
>> I think a lot of people get trip up
about that idea cuz it's like you said
it and then you forget it, you let go.
But then they will be like but then
don't you have to think positively about
having it.
>> You do. Yes, you do. For me, I can only
say from my experience that
I would visualize and I would think
about it and focus on it until I felt
like I had it already,
that I didn't need to focus anymore
because I've already got it and that I
absolutely knew it was mine and then I
would just let it go and manifest
straight away. [snorts] So, I would kind
of do both because one of the things
about letting go is if we're not letting
go, we've got resistance.
>> Yes,
>> we've got resistance. Like we're
holding. I've got to hold. I've got to
control this, you know? No.
>> The universe has got it covered. This
got it covered.
>> Yeah. It's all the energy everywhere.
Everywhere. You just have to see it in
your mind. And all the atoms and the
molecules and the subatomic particles
will all shift and change based on your
mind is
>> really powerful.
>> You were talking about seeing it in your
mind. I have a lot of readers or my fans
would tell me that but I have a hard
time imagining.
>> What would you recommend them doing?
>> I would say get a picture in a magazine.
if they have hard time seeing something
in their mind, they can probably feel it
cuz most people can feel it. But because
feeling it is really just the same
thing. Like for example, if I said, you
know, to imagine like I have a tiny
little kitten in my hand and you know
this gorgeous little kitten that I'm I'm
going to manifest a kitten now. Um and
[laughter] I'm holding and I'm holding
this kitten. Do you know what? Every
single person is seeing that kitten. And
then if you say to somebody, don't think
about a monkey.
>> Yeah.
>> Do not under any circumstances think
about a monkey.
>> Not at all. Immediately they get a
picture of a monkey,
>> right?
>> You know, and so people can imagine more
than they think they can. But also
you can create a vision board and put
the pictures of the things that you want
on the vision board and that will do it.
You know that's really great because the
subconscious mind is seeing it all of
the time.
>> And I think vision boards are really
really successful for a lot of people.
Maybe your friend that would be
something good for your friend to do
>> is to have a vision board. Yeah. or
something on her phone that but you know
I just know now a kitten's going to
come.
>> Oh my god I can't wait.
>> I'm saying kitten and then you focused
on it with me and then everybody else is
focused on it too. So that's all of that
energy focused on a kitten.
[laughter]
>> That's exciting.
>> That is so exciting. I can't wait for
you to get that kitten. [laughter]
>> [gasps]
>> So, I guess for my last question,
I have to struggle. Oh, no. I don't have
to struggle. I can be really happy and
enjoy this.
>> Well done.
>> Pick yourself up just like that. That's
really great.
>> Don't you think that all we can do is
just pick yourself up and then we don't
need to beat ourselves up, right?
>> Oh, never beat ourselves up. No. Never.
Never. Never. Because if we do that,
then law of attraction has us beat
ourselves up even more. Even more, even
more. Yeah. We have to be really kind to
ourselves.
>> We do.
>> I'm asking this on behalf of my audience
because it comes up all the time. What's
your perspective on trying to manifest
an ex back into your life? Do you think
it's a good idea?
>> Oh, it's a good question. That's a good
question. It's interesting. your
audiences say we get so many letters
like that as well.
>> I bet.
>> Yeah. Here's the thing. You can't
manifest in another person's life. You
can manifest yourself in your life for
you, but you can't override
somebody else. And so if you visualizing
your ex coming back, they would come
back only if they are also visualizing
that.
>> But otherwise you can't override. And if
you think about it in this way,
imagine for anybody who's in this
position,
imagine that there's somebody who has a
crush on you, but you don't really care
for them at all. They're not your kind
of person. You wish them well, but
they're not for you. So, imagine if they
could override you and manifest you into
Exactly. And so it's really well
constructed
that we can't manifest in somebody
else's life. But yes, if the other
person also wants to restore the
relationship, then it would happen. But
a lot of the time when people write in
to us, that other person is already in
another relationship or
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah. So, and the other thing is I think
is to just trust that the universe has
something better for you. Something
better, right?
>> Someone better. There's someone better
that you can't even imagine, but someone
better. So,
>> I love this quote that says, "If not
this, then something better."
>> Love it, too. It's great.
>> So, we've been talking about the book a
lot. writing this book. Do you think
there is a particular message you would
want the audience to know the difference
between this book and The Secret?
>> Yes, this book is very practical. It
doesn't have much theory in it. It's
really, really practical and it's
something that you can do over 21 days
and it is designed to change your
thinking from lack and scarcity and
focusing on abundance. And that's the
whole point of the book is to have you
do that. So each day that you do these
exercises, it is doing two things. It's
stopping you from thinking about lack at
the same time as having you think about
abundance. And so for anybody going
through the 21 days, you should see a
difference as you go along.
But then all these practices I've done,
I created all of them because they're
all the practices that I did in my life
when I was wow in so much debt. They all
worked brilliantly for me. But I kept
doing them until my life had completely
changed. And that's what I would say to
anybody. Keep doing them until you have
total financial freedom.
>> How did you come up with all of these
fun methods? I was how I know my desire
was so great to find things that would
work. I tried so many things and heaps
and heaps and heaps of things and
>> the ones that are in this book were the
ones without a doubt the most powerful
of all that would just come to me.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, they're so fun. One of my favorite
exercises. Actually, Melody, my
producer, was just talking to me about
this. So, it was boomerang effect.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> It's so fun. But then Melody was like,
"But I have a hard time thinking about
visualizing giving away money to people
because it's like, yeah, because it's
like, do I have that much? And if I give
it to them, then that means I lose some
money." Is that what you were thinking?
Yeah.
>> Yeah. No, because what you're telling
law of attraction is I have so much
money I can give it away. So that's what
you're saying. I've got so much money
that I can give it away because
otherwise you're giving money to
everybody that you're passing in the
street and you're really really feeling
it that you're giving it to them and
you're giving it to them. And for law of
attraction, it's like you've got so
much, you're giving it away. And so
that's what it sends back to you.
>> Hooray.
>> I mean, that practice, I saw a massive,
massive thing. I did that practice on a
Saturday in Australia and I manifested
tens of thousands of dollars in Yeah. in
like 48 hours. So,
>> wow.
>> That practice is one of the most
powerful practices in the book. Hands
down. Yeah. If you're going anywhere
like to a concert or you're going to a
shopping center where there are a lot of
people that you could get to walk past
and imagine giving them. I'm not sure
what one of your biggest notes are in
Taiwan.
>> 2,000 a thousand. That's the biggest
note.
>> So you just imagine every person and you
just glance at that person in their
face. You get really good at it. You
know, I would have five people walking
toward me and I would just give each one
of them dot dot. Yep. And then walk on.
And that practice is so so powerful.
>> Yeah. But why 40 people? I'm always
really curious about the number.
>> Oh, because a minimum. I mean, the day
that I did it, I probably did it to like
200 people. [sighs and gasps]
>> Yeah.
>> 200 people. And it felt so real to me
that I just had tears. It felt so real.
I only did this practice to feel good
about money. That's the reason I came up
with it. On this particular day, I
thought, I'm going to try it. And so, I
wasn't doing it to get the money back. I
was doing it just to feel good about
money. As I was passing all of these
people, I just felt incredible
compassion and money just multiplied and
came back to me. That part I did not
expect. And I kept doing that for a very
long time. I would just always have like
a $20 note in my hand wherever I went,
ready to hand it.
>> I was doing that yesterday. I had the
best time. I was like, I'm so rich.
[laughter]
>> Oh, it's so good. Oh my gosh.
>> Yes.
>> But with this practice in the book, I'm
not telling people to give it away,
although I in the end was giving it
away. But just to imagine it,
>> you know, just to imagine because the
same thing, it's no different for law of
attraction. You're giving it or
imagining it. Imagine giving it or
actually giving it. It's no difference
for law of attraction. M. So, last but
not least, if you could leave our
audience with one final message about
creating a meaningful, abundant, and
wealthy life, what would it be?
>> I would say to just be happy now.
Just to treasure this moment right now
>> and to just be
feel as good as you can right now.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Just as good as you can. And if that's
not fantastic, that's okay, too, you
know. But just to feel as good as you
can and honestly to be kind.
>> Yes.
>> To yourself.
>> Be kind to yourself and be kind to
everybody. And yeah, be a ray of
sunshine in this world. We need lots
more rays of sunshine.
>> Yes,
>> for sure. Rhonda, thank you so so much
for being here with us.
>> Oh, thank you. You're welcome. Thank you
so much for having me. Hello to everyone
in Taiwan.
I hope this talk helps people. I really
do. I am sure it will transform their
lives just like it probably transformed
all three of us here.
>> Oh, great.
>> I know they'll feel a lot more hopeful,
empowered, and abundant. So, I'm just so
excited for the audience to try all the
fun exercises in this book and get rich
together. [laughter]
>> Yes,
>> exactly.
>> Yeah. Well, thank you Rhonda again for
your precious time.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Bye.
>> Bye for listening [laughter] and
watching.
>> Bye.
Fore.
Thank you so much for watching or
listening. I love you all so much. I'll
see you soon. Bye.